Stop using AI like a basic chatbot. This
right here, this is the exact claude.md
workflow by Boris Chney, the guy who
literally built Claude code. It's
designed to turn a LMM into a staff
level engineer. It covers autonomous bug
fixing, using sub agents to keep your
context window clean, and a
self-improvement loop so the AI never
makes the same mistake twice. If your AI
is giving you buggy feedback or losing
the plot halfway through a task, it's
because you aren't giving it a full
framework. This file forces it to plan
first and demand elegance. If you want
this file for your own Claude setup,
comment Claude and I'll fire it